Add minutes from today's meeting (#952)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: docs/minutes/2019-01-08.md

# 2020-01-08 conda-forge core meeting 

****

## Attendees

## Agenda

### Your agenda items

- (FF) We have a blog: https://github.com/conda-forge/blog
  All we need now is a blog ;-p
  * https://conda-forge.org/blog/

### Subteam updates

#### Bot
- (CJ) Major bot refactor has finished, most of the code is now in IDE friendly, type hinted python
- (CJ) Matt Becker has joined the bot subteam
    - wants to push on auto-merging green bot PRs. At least looking at what infrastructure needs to be set up for that.
        - (Marcel) makes sense if its opt-in. 
        - (Eric) would suggest opt-in at start to work out kinks, once stable switch to opt-out.
    - look at issue tracker for more info
    - UX around abandoned feedstocks? pseudo-abandoned
- (CJ) Version bump PRs now close open version PRs for previous versions
    - Merging the newer version bump PR will close the older version bump PR.
- (jakirkham) use linter bot to update bot's graph with PR status

#### ARM

#### POWER

#### CUDA

* (jakirkham) CUDA 10.2 migration

>     * (CJ) the bot doesn't handle run_exports at all. It's particularly glaring with run_exports strong. Usually fuse host / run to figure dependencies. Does not use build for dependency tracking. Has some notes / issues that descirbes this a bit https://github.com/regro/cf-scripts/issues/677. TODO: Make a lookup table for the strong run_exports. Before making edges in graph, add in the run_exports strong requirements to the dependencies. This should propery express dependencies in the graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * (CJ) the bot doesn't handle run_exports at all. It's particularly glaring with run_exports strong. Usually fuse host / run to figure dependencies. Does not use build for dependency tracking. Has some notes / issues that describes this a bit https://github.com/regro/cf-scripts/issues/677. TODO: Make a lookup table for the strong run_exports. Before making edges in graph, add in the run_exports strong requirements to the dependencies. This should properly express dependencies in the graph.
```
